feat(content): improve fourth wall joke in FW epilogue (#9590)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/free worlds 4 epilogue.txt

				`	(Not right now.)`
					defer
			`	While looking Ijs up in the campus directory, you notice something else: Katya is listed in the directory too, as "Visiting Professor of Civics and Economics." You give Ijs a call and ask if he and Katya would like to meet up with you for dinner, and they readily agree.`

> 			`	You follow their directions to a campus restaurant which still seems to be under construction. Katya eyes one of the less stable-looking walls suspiciously, but Ijs assures both of you that it's perfectly safe and the restaurant is fully operational despite the ongoing work.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You follow their directions to a campus restaurant which seems to still be under construction. Katya eyes one of the less stable-looking walls suspiciously, but Ijs assures both of you that it's perfectly safe and the restaurant is fully operational despite the ongoing work.`
```

Subtle but important difference. The original implies having seen it seemingly under construction before and it still is now, suggestion implies only that construction is seemingly ongoing (as opposed merely to repair/maintenance work).

> 			`	When you settle into your seats, Katya says, "It's really great to see you again, <first>."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"It's really great to see you again, <first>," Katya says once you've settled into your seats. `
```

> 			`	"It's really great to see you again, <first>," Katya says once you've settled into your seats. `

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"It's really great to see you again, <first>," Katya says once you've settled into your seats.`
```

				goto end
			
			label game

> 			`	Your conversation is loudly interrupted by a resounding crack, as the wall that Katya had been worried about tumbles down amid a flurry of activity from the nearby construction workers.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Your conversation is loudly interrupted by a resounding crack as the wall that Katya had worried about tumbles down, attracting a flurry of activity from the nearby construction workers.`
```

> 			`	Your conversation is loudly interrupted by a resounding crack as the wall that Katya had worried about tumbles down, attracting a flurry of activity from the nearby construction workers.`

Reviewer 4: This doesn't feel like an improvement to me, just heavy handed.

Reviewer: So heavy, in fact, that it could be read too literally as him actually just complaining about the restaurant wall instead of it serving as a metaphor.

Far better I think to just add the initial more subtle lead-in hint of ongoing construction.

> 			`	Your conversation is loudly interrupted by a resounding crack as the wall that Katya had worried about tumbles down, attracting a flurry of activity from the nearby construction workers.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

			`	"Whoops," says Ijs to nobody in particular, "now you've done it. There goes the fourth wall."`

> 			`	Katya laughs nervously and tries to resume the conversation. "Well, there's already lots beyond human space to see, and I'm sure you can find more things to do out there as well as closer to home. If you're so eager to explore more of the galaxy, <first>, or to discover what new adventures it has to offer, maybe you should volunteer to help out with creating the stories to populate it. This is an open source game after all, and it relies on people like you to bring it life."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Katya scoffs and shakes her head, resuming the conversation. "Well, there's already lots beyond human space to see, and I'm sure you can find more things to do out there as well as closer to home. If you're so eager to explore more of the galaxy, <first>, or to discover what new adventures it has to offer, maybe you should volunteer to help out with creating the stories to populate it. This is an open source game after all, and it relies on people like you to bring it life."`
```
A bit more subjective on this one
